Add app restart warning (#89321)
Azure/azure-content: articles/app-service/overview-managed-identity.md

1. Search for the identity you created earlier and select it. Click **Add**.

    ![Managed identity in App Service](media/app-service-managed-service-identity/user-assigned-managed-identity-in-azure-portal.png)
    
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Clicking **Add** after selecting a user assigned idenity to add will restart your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you select **Add** after you select a user-assigned identity to add, your application will restart.
```
Fixing typo, hyphenation, sentence structure.
